# Copycat-Project

Check out the website [here](eltonc7921.github.io/copycat-project).

Check out the planning [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PIobELeK-r5uHhVpV-Vt7Gn0qx5-U1NFodhZdVFvNDo/edit?usp=sharing).

Reflection: I chose the Pupilpath login screen because I thought it was a great way to start off with an mvp because it was easy to do. My plan was to make the dashboard in addition to the login screen where clicking "Sign In" would bring the user to the dashboard. However, throughout this process, I was bombarded with many requests for help. I realized I had my MVP done so I decided to help out my classmates. The request came back to back causing me to lose track of time and I wasn't able to work on my project during class. I had to change up my timeline to fit my schedule but I had people texting me for help. Throughout this project, I learned that helping people is really taxing and it could potentially harm my own grade but I learned that it is better to help others than work on extra credit. I haven't learned much in coding throughout this project because most of it was due to googling specific properties that I wouldn't be memorizing. I felt that the main point of this project for the class was just a test to see what we know up to this point in the school year. From a specific point of view, I felt that this project was just me educating my classmates when they needed help rather than learning code myself. Although I haven't learned anything new, it was a great way to interact with my classmates but also tiring due to the loads of help that people needed from me.